Extend VMWare image provisioning documentation (#1523)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/1.24/5.2.9_cr_vmware.md

* Browse then to the image to be used for provisioning, and ensure that "User Data" is checked
* Associate a user_data template to the host. The template will use cloud-init syntax.
* Note that the images dont need cloudinit installed, as the cloudinit is converted under the hood to a CustomisationSpec object that VMware can process

> * To get status "Installed" in the UI, the provisioned host have to run a finish script. There are templates like "built" located in "Provision Templates", giving a example how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In order to inform foreman about successful build and get the host to "Installed" state in the UI, the provisioned host have to run a finish script. You can find exaplmes in "Provisioning templates" how to do this. The basic example is "built" template.
```
